[Music]
Hey.
Hey. Hey.
[Music]
stitching a fabric. No thread is out of
line.
But I think that I
that I might just be the reason for the
patchwork
patchwork needle pushing through
[Music]
the door.
Why can't I
be the pony you want from me? City is
I've been
[Music]
on my best, but there's still dirt in my
eyes from you.
[Music]
They bounce right off my back
seep into the wounds that I've been
touch.
[Music]
I'm more than just an elevator.
I'm doing okay. Can't you see?
I've been confessing a ghost of yours
in a world
made for me.
[Music]
city is
I've been stitching
[Music]
on my best
in my eyes from you.
[Music]
I remember when we broke up the first
time saying this is it. I've had enough
cuz like we hadn't seen each other in a
month. When you said you needed space.
What? Then you come around again and
say, "Baby, I miss you and I swear I'm
going to change. Trust me. Remember how
that lasted for a day? I say I hate you.
We break up. You call me I love you.
Ooh. Ooh. We called it off again last
night, but ooh,
this time I'm telling you, I'm telling
you, we are never ever ever getting back
together.
Ah,
[Music]
[Applause]
heat.
[Music]
[Applause]
It's just like a there's like a bomb of
some kind and it's like
[Music]
[Applause]
really remember like the theme like the
American theme song. Actually, it's
called a national anthem, but calling it
a theme song is
[Music]
[Applause]
The USA labif
Wow.
You know,
it's like
[Music]
[Applause]
kind of just try to fake something.
[Music]
[Applause]
So I always to see if they're loaded. Hi
everyone,
guys. It's a pleasure
to turn into
So, okay. So, I'm going to turn into
a really, really obscure kitchen
appliance. Are you ready?
There we go.
Hey everyone. Um, it's
it's it's
love and pony stuff day. You know what
that means?
Moms,
this is so true. Hi everyone.
Are you a spork? No,
I am not a spork.
It's
the album hasn't come out yet, so I
don't know what it's all about.
We might be finding out very soon.
Electric whisk. No.
People should use bald eagles in their
kitchen more often.
Are you a slow cooker? No, I'm a fast
cooker.
Microwave, baby.
I'd like to be a spork.
I took German for three years and I
still don't know how to pronounce that.
Are you a matcha whisk? No. Chai tea.
Laugh.
Are you the wrangler? You're getting
closer. A cheese slicer? No.
Vid, the UK hates you. You could have
just kept it at that. You could have
just stayed there.
Good morning video.
You sound like the Tik Tok TTS but
pitched up.
Don't compare you to that [__]
Tell her.
Wait,
wait a minute.
Wait. No, this won't work because it
just won't work. I mean, it kind of can,
but I
Hello.
I can't pitch my voice up.
Maybe I can
help.
Vid, tell me what is this victory royale
you speak of?
Dude, I don't know.
It's like when you win, you were one,
Arya.
I'm winning every day.
Okay. But like I thought you don't know
what a day is cuz you're like, you know,
in a pl that like freaky place.
It's a figure of speech. I was once a
mortal like you.
Okay.
I don't really care.
Fine. By me. Bye. But it's every day,
bro.
What the [__]
Is this what happens in chapter 3? Or
are you tell me?
I think I'm growing.
What?
How? How? You're like, "I don't know. I
don't know. I don't know.
I don't know what to do about this.
I'm rowing."
Everyday row with the locust room flow.
Please don't teach them that. Please
don't teach Arya that.
Oh, how delightful.
Everyday row with the locust room flow.
We live in a hell world.
Wait.
What's up, [__]
Hello, Tiberius.
Yes. Yes. Yes.
Okay. Wait, that's just me.
Hi.
Wait, I can be Arya, too.
No, you're not Arya.
She most definitely is not Ara.
Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Dude,
Vid taught me this phrase.
Shout out to the crunk lord Tiberius.
Whenever Arya, no offense, whenever you
say it, that sounds like really lame.
Do not speak ill of the huntress.
Dude, I free speech.
This is America.
Um, what's America?
Ara, you know what America is. You know
what everything is.
Oh, that's right. Sorry. I was confusing
it with a cheese grater.
Like like a cheese grater.
Like a cheese grater. Ara,
don't question the motives. No,
I'm not questioning anything. It's just
like It's just like a cheese gr. What is
a miracle? Oh, wait a minute.
Oh, I get it. Like American cheese,
right, Ara?
I love American cheese.
But like, but like why? You're like, you
know, every you could like you have
access to every cheese in like every
universe and you choose American cheese.
Are you [__] kidding me?
Like American cheese out of every
universe there is. Silence mortal. They
get like whatever cheese they like.
Like sure, whatever. It's just like it's
just like, you know, it's like subpar,
you know? It's not a big deal, but it's
like it just like kind of sucks.
Explain what you mean by American cheese
sucks.
Like, it just bites. Like, it's bor It's
kind of lame. I I'm bored. I command
everything to die.
Rough rough rough of a dog.
You're not
You're not even that Tiberious.
Yes, I am.
Okay, my bad,
guys. Tyius is a dog,
so that's like the good news.
Um,
wait, wait a minute now. Can I get Can I
get a Wait a minute.
Hold on.
Tell, do you have anything?
[Music]
Okay, that was Megalovania.
What is Megalovania?
It's from the game of Undertale.
It's from [__] Undertale.
Like, you don't recognize it.
Craig, can you come in here but like
speak normally instead of like your
weirdo [__] Like, stop blooping all
over the place.
Fine. Hello, Vid. What do you want?
Like, when are you going to start being
fun and like interesting and cool and
stuff? Like, do you know when that's
going to happen?
I regret to inform you, Vid. I am
quite interesting.
Like not really, dude. You're like kind
of a killjoy every day.
Well, if only you lived dangerously.
I myself
seek thrills.
Like what? You crashed the car again.
It's true, Creek.
You crashed the car a lot.
All right. But like it doesn't really
matter cuz I can't die and like I can't
kill anyone.
Okay. But like the car like Okay. How do
I put it this way? Someone has to make
the car. Craig, do you make the car?
I could easily make a car.
No, you can't. Craig, you don't know how
to make a car.
I
have my magic
and such
float. Okay.
Okay. Walk me through the process of how
you're going to make a car with magic.
Well,
first I picture it in my head.
Okay. And like what is the ideal car for
you?
Cra
seven wheels,
five windows,
three steering wheels, one seat.
Well, that's odd.
Oh, I just got it. They are odd numbers.
Yes, Arya, thank you for humoring me.
I think it was a really wonderful joke.
In fact, car has only three letters.
Isn't that odd? My dear shadow,
what the [__] is going on? Where where
the [__] am I?
Do not question the huntress's motives.
[Music]
I ate the moon.
Oh my [__] god.
What?
It's like not a big deal.
It is like, how are you even here,
Vader? You're not dead. We're in the
Locust right now. How are you here?
Do I need to call Wolf?
No. Okay, Ara. All right. Ara, it's
fine. I can take care of this. You don't
need to like, you know, it's fine.
Vader. Vader, look at me.
Okay. Look at me. Now, I need you to go
stand by creek flow.
I don't know what a creek flow is. Oh,
okay. It's that thing right there. Do
you see it?
Uh, why must I humor this robot at all?
It's not a robot. Okay, it's like a
dude, but he just kind of looks like a
robot. He did like this like is there
was like a situation with like a hail
and like some hot water or something. It
was just like weird. So, it's not a big
deal. It's just like it's like fine. Um,
like top five like failures type
character, but like can you just like
Vader, can you just stand next to Craig
Flo for a second?
Oh, I get it. It's the one with the
fork. Oh
yeah, it's a fork. Okay, so Vader, I
need you Craig, you two, I need you both
to turn to each other. Can you do that
for me?
I
do not have to
listen to you.
Okay, I'm turning to Creek Flow.
I could eat sponge cake with that fork.
Great. Okay, that's nice. So, now I need
you to face each other and I need you to
both describe one thing you both
appreciate about each other. Go.
What was your name again?
I don't know.
So, you with the cape,
you clearly
understand fashion.
I commend thee for your fashion choices,
my friend.
Oh, thank you. I can't breathe without
it. So, it's like it's like, oh, I'm
going to die. It's like, wow. Okay. But
yeah, thank you. That's really nice of
you. Um,
I like your fork. Oh,
it's not a fork.
It's It kind of is a fork if you think
about it. It's like
it is a scythe.
It is for tilling, sewing, reaping the
earth of the fruit we plant.
It is sort of a metaphor.
Oh, I'm metal and I'm four.
No, fader. You're like you're like 36.
Can you like chill
here? Fader, fetch.
Okay, that takes care of that takes care
of him. Anyway, hi guys. Uh, love and
pony stub today.
Wait, that was
today.
Yes, Creek Flow. It is today.
Yeah. Like, did you not get the memo?
I was busy.
With what? What do you What do you What
were you busy with?
Oh, I was having Creek and Cadence get
along with each other.
Like what?
They were playing the victory royale.
What? Fortnite?
Yes, vid. Fortnite.
It was Fortnite
the game.
Okay,
I'm going to go away.
Okay. No idea what that was. Hello
everyone.
Well, that was really [__] weird.
We did cadence on the low cast. The low
cast.
Yeah, the album's today. You guys aren't
going to exist no more.
I think the funniest thing about that
entire situation is that like I would
say 75% of all that was a cannon.
I don't know if you guys want uh story
spoilers for 11 pony step or anything,
but
uh for those who don't know yet, well,
you probably couldn't unless you're on
Patreon because it's even in the
pre-order. I haven't included the files
yet.
Oh my god. Indecisive count duku. Holy
[__]
Um,
this is going to be spoilers for like
the story, but the way that the Love and
Pony Step story is formatted is it's
through like text messages between Craig
Flow and and Lulle Moon, Violet
Lulleoon. But importantly,
there there are some things here that
are like,
where are they?
Creek Flow got its first victory royale
in Fortnite. This is like canon. This is
like a canon situation.
Um, and also
Creekflow has
a uh Lulaoon canonically took Creekflow
to like Burger Horse and got like a
[__] Happy Meal toy for Creek and
Creek is like really attached to it and
uh Baddy drew art of it last minute.
We decided that Craig Flow likes to wear
it on his head like this.
I really like it.
Cr just walks around the
Cricut just walks around the Locust with
the dog on its head sometimes.
Those big-headed from those big-headed
from 2004.
It's a really good way of putting it.
My creature,
my small dog
animal
is how Craig would say it.
Um,
it's kind of Yeah, it's kind of awesome.
So, like it's canon that that Craig Flo
and Cadence hang out and they play
Fortnite. It's like plushy or plastic.
It's It's It's plushy. Hold on. I'll see
if I can get a photo of it.
They were just called the dog.
They might still exist, too. I swear
they didn't stop existing.
But the very specific one we were we
were we were thinking of in the story
was just this this [__] thing.
It's actually so [__] nice. It's so
good.
We did I did some drawings. Hold on.
I'll find my drawings
here. Check this out.
I like this one.
It has like
This is my small dog animal
wolf. It is like you. And then Pilford
says,
you know,
it's really sweet.
Clifford.
Not quite.
Oh, so this is unrelated, but I do have
I do I do have pill for road road rage.
Um I have I draw stuff.
The pil mobile. This is true. What else
is in here? Oh, wait. Okay, this is what
I was looking for. And I was like,
Creek Fo gave the dog like its own like
little like water can thing.
Oh, wait. I have this
[Music]
which is like a good thing for the most
part.
Wait, let's not look at let's not look
at that one. Let's try No, let's put
that one away. Hold on.
I want to get the I'm lost at sea one.
Hold on. I need to get the lost at sea
one. Here we go. Pooper is
I'm lost at sea.
I can't [__] do it the way Vinyl does
it record store.
Was that Pillford 11? Don't worry about
it. Okay.
A sucking pill 4 has hit the uh
also I'm also wait I'm also a huge fan
of Cinder Blockford.
Help Pford find its way home.
I think it should try and navigate an
oil spill.
Something something crude oil.
I don't know what that is.
I'm doggy. I don't really care.
Should we just I think I should just
call it dog flow. That thing is dog
flow.
Sort of dog flow.
Oh, Dexter a dog flow as well. Hold on.
Here's Dex dog flow. It's really sweet.
like this is really the greatest thing.
It's kind of the greatest thing. Um, one
of one of the things I've been trying to
cuz again for anyone who doesn't know, I
do a little comic series. Uh, I mostly
just put it up on Twitter and Tumblr,
but it's all compiled in the gallery
here.
And one of the things I've been trying
to do with like Liloon and Craig Flo's
characters whenever they're like
interacting with each other is like
getting them both to slow slowly learn
from each other's differences.
Uh so like Craig Flow is trying to get
Lulaoon to like get off her ass and and
do certain things more whereas
Lulleoon's trying to like get flow to
have a little more more whimsy and joy
in its life.
Um, I really I really like I really like
drawing them together.
They're my favorite.
Craig gets excited cuz it can play
Minecraft on its phone now. Crack didn't
know this was possible.
That's kind of where we are in the story
arc for the comics. It's It's really
kind.
And then that's how Walworth was
invented.
is so okay the way
I genuinely don't know who follows me on
Twitter but
at some point recently I posted
this character
where is this
I posted this character just walrus
um
I don't even know why I called her that
I was just like that's just her I I when
I was drawing her, I was like, "That's
just her name."
I didn't really think about why. I was
just like, "That is definitely her
name." And what happened was when I did
this panel, I was just drawing a random
ass back like random ass background
character like that didn't really matter
very much. It was just there to like
have someone looking weirdly at Pilford.
Um, everyone in Pilcord was like
bullying me to turn this character into
a character, which is what happened with
like Pilford and Kenneth. Like that just
keeps happening is they just keep
bullying me to go further with each
idea. And I said, "No, this is not
becoming a character." And then within
15 minutes, I had drawn this reference.
And then in the next panel, I [__]
got
a walrus in there.
another character for the minor
characters page. It's so true.
But like genuinely, I [__] love this
design. I don't even know why. I don't
know. It's literally WhatsApp horse. It
is literally WhatsApp horse.
Walworth and Kenneth album. When? Wait,
hold up. Hold up. [__] I got to show
this.
uh on Tumblr,
someone posted
this [__] comic.
And as like Tiberius at everyone, [__]
you lot. I'm going to harass a commoner.
Tiberious storms off but goes to Burger
Princess apparently.
Hi, welcome to Burger Princess. How may
I help you?
Skip not the fries number three.
What are what is you looking at? Can't
believe I met Godzilla today.
This comic is really good. The crazy
thing is that apparently OP did forgot
that uh they forgot that it was like
called Burger Horse. Hold on.
Where where were
I don't know where I saw it, but
somewhere someone said they I feel like
they said that they had forgotten that
the restaurant was called Burger Horse.
And what's crazy is I I read Burger
Princess and I'm like that should maybe
just be the name of the restaurant
actually.
And so there's like a nonzero chance
that I might change the Burger Horse
restaurant name to Burger Princess cuz
that's such a [__] fire name.
I was in call and someone said that
uh uh Kenneth should be uh Tiberious's
burger prince.
It's not meat from horses.
I don't know. Don't think about it too
hard. The a little a little bit of
suspension of disbelief don't hurt
nobody.
I just I just really like this Tiberius.
It's a really nice Tiberius.
They're like really massive. They're
towering over this tiny thing. It's like
really great.
Prince of Burger Sweet when [__] I
don't know.
The Burger Horse rebranding album. I
mean, there's also a non-zero chance
that we'll do a little Kenneth and
Tiberious thing sometime. I I really
like them.
Oh, that's dog. That's dog.
Okay.
Um,
anyway, obviously,
uh, [__] Love and Pony step
and how many days?
I mean, hours. Why did I say days? Cuz
it feels like it. Okay. 11.7 15 hours.
Thing is, it's on Apple Music already.
Um, everybody should wait anyway because
I think the
cuz the the YouTube premiere is going to
emphasize the album flow a little bit in
a way that I think is like going to be
valuable for first listen. Um, not only
that, but I just kind of want to like
Apple Music. They're not supposed to
release it at midnight, but I don't
really have as much control over it. It
might be on Apple just for UK people
right now. Um, but
uh, yeah, I would say everybody just
like wait until it's like officially
out.
I wish I had more control over the
release time, but Apple doesn't give a
[__]
Um, but I really can't wait to to share
it with everyone. I think it's going to
be my favorite premiere of any album
I've done. Even
Well, okay, that's that's kind of a low
bar because the only albums I've
premiered
are are Carousel, Paradise Valley, Girls
Tour Wizards Monarch, and now Love and
Pod. It's actually really weird to think
about because
um it's really weird to think about
because like
I'm so used to doing the album premieres
now that I forgot that it literally
started with Carousel.
Um
yeah, that's really weird to think
about.
That's okay, Ny.
Yeah, the carousel the carousel ARG in
Premiere is like one of my favorite
things. Um, Love and Pony Stell doesn't
really have an ARG. It just the comics
support it instead. But
I think I think without saying too much,
I think Love and Pony Step can rival
Carousel's premiere. Personally,
I don't even want to explain how. You'll
just have to you'll just have to listen
to it.
you know. Um,
yeah. Well, actually, you certainly
know.
It's so fire, y'all. Good grief. You're
going to love it. Well, good grief is
Fish Whisperer.
Um,
also, uh, I put, uh, I I have a text
document that I'll include in the
download that's going to have like as
many of the lyrical references to other
songs as I can remember.
Um, so that'll that'll be fun for
everyone to look through, I think.
Are we going to get Love and Pony Stuff
on the Violet Pel Panel? Is it going to
have a switch? I mean, most of my albums
have had the carousel switch
in some way or another other than since
since Cutie Marks, other than maybe Fish
Whisperer.
The whole thing with Fish Whisper is
again the whole consistency thing that I
was talking about yesterday
video uh on the samples interpolations
like Monarch. I'd like to try to. The
thing is with pull up and pony step,
there's a lot of them.
Some of them are not as interesting as
others, so it would be like a matter of
like choosing which ones I think I care
enough about to to talk about.
Will LPS start a 3 million acre wildfire
when it's released? I sure [__] hope
not.
Um,
especially because a lot of the samples
require Well, okay, here's the thing.
Um, for Love and Pony Step, there are
some samples on the album that are so
incredibly obscure and so incredibly
like personal that it would kind of be a
a negative thing to me to talk about all
of them cuz some of them are like are
really like personal in a way publicly
available but have a personal connection
and so it's like those ones I'd have to
skip just for varying reasons. Um, then
there are some other samples which are
really like really really hard to find.
Samples I don't think anyone will ever
find unless I talk about them. And in my
mind I'm like, do I talk about it or do
I let like the hunt begin or something?
You know, most of the music of uh,
how do I put this? Love and Pony Step
doesn't have a lot of like music samples
other than sampling myself and a few
other songs. Most of the samples in Love
& Pony Step that people would want to
hunt for are going to be sound effects
and like background noises, things that
maybe only appear for a split second.
Things that don't necessarily need to be
in the song, but are there as an Easter
egg,
you know?
Love and Pony Step is like
I'd anticipate being an album where
people could spend years trying to find
everything.
Um,
some are extremely obvious and don't
need any explanation. So then I have to
sort through, do I talk about those
ones? Like there's a Party Rock anthem
sample in there. I don't think I need to
explain that one, do I?
Actually,
there's two party rock samples.
Where's there three?
There's three.
I forgot.
Oh my god, I forgot.
Web punk has one of them. There's two
other songs with the with the Party Rock
anthem sample.
They'll be obvious, but it's like again,
do I talk about them? Every song should
sample party wreck anthem. That is like
100% true. I mean, do I need to play the
famous?
Wait, where is it?
Wait, what am I looking for? I'm looking
for the [__] uh
Gosh darn it. Oh, wait. Actually, here's
something fun from today. Wait, wait,
let me get the uh let me get the
original.
There's a video Maddie made.
[Music]
So I started doing this.
Get
[Music]
hit.
Imagine
[Music]
I don't I don't know why it did that.
Anyway, um let me try and find the
[__] What was I even looking for
beforehand? I was looking for the party
rock anthem video. Um while I'm looking
for this,
um
I just got to say [__]
Ghana style is a good song, guys. You
got to relax.
Go style is a good song.
I also, this is like a completely
genuine belief that Party Rock Anthem is
one of the best dance songs ever
created.
Here we go.
Let's go.
Heat.
[Music]
Hi feather
[Applause]
[Music]
shake daddy
in a cup party ride pick up for your
girl she on the jock huh n
spot booty moving weight like she on the
block with a drink I got jeans tattoo
half
oh [__] how the [__] could I forget I
posted this on Twitter like yesterday
hold on where is
No, no, everyone, no one can get mad at
me for this.
[Music]
Deadly force is authorized. in my world.
Heat.
[Music]
So [__] stupid. Hold on. What is I
need to see what else I have in my
[__] folder of tricks and beauty.
Screaming in public restrooms. Pray.
It's like really nice.
War. War never changes.
Or does it?
The war has changed.
Did it? The answer is no. Unless it is
yes.
No. Of course it is. Is war.
Yes. No. Yes.
So [__] stupid.
Okay. Um,
I was looking for one other thing, but
now I don't remember what it was
because I forget most things I ever do.
Was
it just another arrival? No. Surely it
was not just another arrival.
Could it have been? Could it have been
another arrival? I don't want it to be
another arrival.
Oh, wait. No, it's this.
This thing is just a vehicle for playing
the games. It's all about the games.
[__]
Whatever. Whatever, dude.
Oh, I was going to show you my credit
card details.
It's true. It's true. You know me very
well.
Would you get down? We're going to be
late for Chrissy's birthday.
I hope there will be cheese at Chrissy's
birthday party. You know how much I like
cheese.
There's like a kindness element to it.
Everyone else in the room can see it.
Everyone else but you
like nobody else. The way that you rip
your hair gives me overwhelmed. The way
you smile everyone
to tell
that I didn't make that. That was so
good though.
You're insecure.
You're insecure. You're insecure. Uh uh
uh uh uh uh uh uh. Right.
What's their kind?
Oh.
Oh,
[Music]
it's really nice and really good.
Is it Is it all just Is it all just
arrival?
Is it all just arrival?
[Music]
Wait, where's the my donuts version?
Help me.
What the hell?
Where's the donuts version? Hold on.
Amen. break.
Don't know if that was the AM break or
not.
Might have been.
Where the [__] even Where the [__] is
even it?
Oh, could this be? Could it be?
[Music]
Yes, there it is.
my donuts.
It's like really nice. I like the way I
went. I like the way it comes in.
[Music]
I really like that.
It's like really aggressive but also
like really gentle at the same time.
[Music]
But then more happened. But it's like
there's like more though.
Wait, what is
swap to the old man?
[Music]
Sorry, I can't I can't
I can't stand this sentence.
That's so calming.
Okay, but there's more. Where's my
There's my Arrival Pro Max. Okay. Well,
the Arrival Pro Max.
Okay. Well, the Arrival Pro Max is like
I already showed the Arrival Pro Max,
but I can send it again.
[Music]
And then there was like there was like a
brand new type of like animal in my
inbox. There was like a new type of like
ant in my inbox.
I've got a red tail. Come and swim with
me. I'm a baby blue whale swimming in
the sea. I've got a blue tail.
[Music]
You guys are not ready for arrival. I
got to do I Yeah, it's Majula.
And also, I just I'm going to say it
again for the millionth time. Dark Souls
2 is the best Dark Souls of the all of
all three of them.
You guys have to stop lying to
yourselves. Dark Souls 2 is the best
one.
It's not better than Elden Ring, but
it's better than Dark Souls 1 and three.
Sorry.
Dark Souls II is clearly the best. I
mean, the thing is is you could say any
one of the three is the best. You
probably still be right, but Armored
Core 6 is the best. Dark Souls I I I
need to play Armored Core. I So what
happened was when I was like six or
seven,
my dad had a bunch of like [__] like
PlayStation games that from like uh cuz
he knew someone who worked for
PlayStation. They just brought brought
home a bunch of like random copies of
random things. And I remember going
through each disc and like playing them
for a certain amount of time. Some of
them I finished and some of them I
didn't. Um one of them was a [__]
Armored Core game. And for years and
years and years and years, I didn't know
what game I had played. I was just like
I liked the robot game where I fly
around and shoot [__] I liked that one.
Had no idea what it was called cuz I was
like tiny. Um and then when Armored Core
6 came out, I was like, "Oh yeah, I
forgot that FromSoft does that." And
then I I went out and looked at like
screenshots of Armored Core 1 or two and
I was like, "Holy [__] [__] That's
the mysterious robot game I played as a
child.
That was it. That That was the
mysterious robot game.
Um, but I haven't played an Armored Core
game since then, so
I need to
That's my armored coral lore.
Street street rap
delivery. I know it's insane from that
noise, but I could tell from the piano
sustain.
Guinea pig dreams.
Cherry talk
pancake
perfect score. Nice. It's almost like I
did these and yet I don't get a perfect
score all the time.
Let's see.
I think that's convergence, right? No.
Is that penumbra?
Pumbra.
Hello.
[__] Okay. See, I got it wrong.
Oh, that's the magic show. That's
interesting.
That's a midsection. Okay.
Harbor,
guys. I don't know which one this is.
I don't know.
[Music]
[Applause]
Okay, I only got one wrong.
The Umbra.
Yes, it is a typo.
No, the
silly me.
Is this Takamina?
Oh, I'm going to like throw something.
No, this is um sailing away. Same
literally just before.
[Applause]
Okay, we're speedrunning this cuz I'm
locked in.
[Music]
Uh, I was about to type the base cannon.
Nice.
Taka. Okay. Wait. Is it going to get mad
at me if I type this wrong? Because it's
in Greek,
guys. Sorry. Just like look how many
[__] albums there have been since the
last mainline Starship Ponyville album.
Jesus Christ, man.
Anyway,
promise complex tomorrow. Not really.
I could just tell from the [__]
noise.
No matter what. 2013
2012. Oh, it's the OG.
It's the OG
one.
Sludg.
I'm dreading if it does something.
Princess Kaku at just the wrong moment
at some point.
[Applause]
Okay. How complex would that be to make?
[Music]
I should know where this noise is from.
No one tell me
this death of all magic.
Look at me.
[Applause]
Damn, that's like three perfect ones in
a row.
Come on now.
Oh my goodness, we got dream st. What?
When have we gotten dream stage in the
pontal deck?
[Music]
Um,
got cataclysm again.
[Music]
I should know what this is and I don't
[__] Okay, this one's tough for me.
[Music]
I don't feel like it's carousel. It's in
the right key to be carousel, but I
don't think it's carousel.
[Music]
If it were carousel, there would
probably be rain in the background.
[Music]
It's in D sharp. I think
I hear
[Music]
and then there's a there's a
in there.
[Music]
There's no way this is penumbra.
I'm I'm glad you're excited. Indecisive.
Count Dooku. What the [__] is this?
Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Is this keepsakes?
I got it.
[Music]
The chord right after that. Okay, cool.
Uh,
reflected in the eyes of the cavern
lurker.
Pass title. Good title. Uh, apparition.
Nice. Four perfect scores in a row. How
many can we get in a row?
Okay, I think we lose.
I had to turn up my volume. One second.
I have visions.
Okay.
A tickophobia.
Whatever, man.
[Music]
No matter what. 2018, 2017.
Keep stakes again.
[Music]
Okay, it's actually probably extremely
embarrassing that I don't know what this
is.
This is clearly a modern Violet Pony
song.
No one tell me.
Is this good grief?
Okay, there.
That was that was sad.
Okay, let's see if we can catch up here.
I haven't listened to Fisher in a while,
though.
Another one of these.
This This is the same chord. That's the
coming soon to to
coming soon to video and DVD. It's the
same chord.
I think this modulates down too.
[Music]
Is this
that one song from Tales and Request the
rarity dozing blah blah blah blah blah
like one in a bit album so far it's
crazy you've created enough left to make
a whole guess a game out of it all.
Yeah. Uh, shout out to um, V Village
village.
I don't know how to pronounce his name,
but shout out to them for developing it.
Um,
but I think this is Rarity dozing in a
coffee shop at 1:00 a.m.
Right. Don't kill me there. Nice.
[Applause]
On the sea. Actually, I I think I talked
about this before, but I want to bring
it up again because I just been thinking
about it. Um,
On the Sea from Fairy Tales originally
was a completely different demo.
Um,
so everyone everyone who's listened to
Fairy Tales or at least heard the single
when it came out was will know this
song.
On the sea, we find ourselves again.
Heat. Heat. Heat.
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
So, you should know this song. Uh, the
original demo actually sounded
completely different. It was this
If I could spread my wings and fly, I
would live a life of harmony. I dreamed
and touch the meories.
And it seems as though the places that I
used to know had harbored something
underneath
this whole time.
And the memories of the world outside
equestri
all the fighting, all the misery.
Am I?